Sun Feb  2 12:52:30 EST 2014

#~ Stuck with low motivation
I'm fighting myself about how to specify the behavior of the idea package.
There so many possible cases that I just don't know how to specify them.

    - 1 new idea
    - 2 new ideas
    - 1 idea with id
    - 1 idea with id and a new idea

The list could go on.
That's the thing that's bugging me I suppose.
Should I make the framework to have an unlimited number of ideas?
Should the specs for all these cases translate into something testable for the storage?

Am I over thinking it?

I think I'm just not in it today despite really wanting this feature.
I'll revisit it later, for now I need to do something else and let my mind wander.

## [active] Idea Storage
Right now each Idea is getting repeated with each entry.
In the short run this is fine and will work for the immediate future.
But in the long run I don't like it at all.

If we splice the Ideas out of the entry and store them by themselves we get the following for free.

- Modification tracking through git, don't have to make it ourselves
- Idea indexing by ID
- Can change the name of an Idea
- No stress to keep the Idea short
- Idea browsing without having to parse through all the previous journal entries

It's a persistent document, It should be treated as such.

So heres the plan.
Editing and saving Ideas will function the same.
They will be appended to the entry when it is made and you can edit them the same way.
When the entry is saved and the editor is closed we parse out the Ideas and removed them from the entry.
If an Idea is missing an Id, that means it's new and hasn't been seen before, so we give it one.

The Id is used as the filename for the Idea in the `$journal/idea/` directory.
Active Idea's can be indexed in the `$journal/idea/active` file, each line with an Id.
We store the next available Id in the `$journal/idea/next` file.

I should also go back and remove all the ideas from journal entries and bring them into the new system.
Should do this manually I think since I can track the renames and more major edits.
I could play around with automating this though, but I don't think it's worth the time right now.


Sun Feb  2 12:59:44 EST 2014
